feat: Add x/authz SendAuthorization AllowList (#12648)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### API Breaking Changes

> * (x/authz) [#12648](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/12648) Add an allow list, an optional list of addresses allowed to receive bank assests via authz MsgSend grant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/bank) [#12648](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/12648) `NewSendAuthorization` takes a new argument of an optional list of addresses allowed to receive bank assests via authz MsgSend grant. You can pass `nil` for the same behavior as before, i.e. any recipient is allowed.
```
